Rewrite HTTP security BBEs (#3791)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/http-client-bearer-token-authentication/http_client_bearer_token_authentication.md

# HTTP client - Bearer token authentication

> The `http:Client` can be secured with bearer token authentication by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header. The bearer token can be specified in the `auth` field of the client configuration. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with bearer token authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` can connect to a service that is secured with bearer token authentication by adding the `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header to each request. The bearer token can be specified in the `auth` field of the client configuration. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with bearer token authentication.
```

> The `http:Client` can be secured with bearer token authentication by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header. The bearer token can be specified in the `auth` field of the `http:ClientConfiguration`. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with bearer token authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` can be secured with bearer token authentication by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header. The bearer token can be specified in the `auth` field of the client configuration. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with bearer token authentication.
```

> An `http:Client` can be secured with bearer token authentication. This is achieved by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header. The bearer token can be specified in the `auth` field of the `http:ClientConfiguration`. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with bearer token authentication.

Author: ```suggestion
The `http:Client` can be secured with bearer token authentication. This is achieved by enriching each request from the client with the `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header. The bearer token can be specified in the `auth` field of the `http:ClientConfiguration`. Use this to communicate with the service, which is secured with bearer token authentication.
```
